Add lecturer card in class_view page (#151)
acs-upb-mobile/acs-upb-mobile: android/fastlane/metadata/android/en-GB/changelogs/10004.txt

Fixed
  - Error message shown when cancelling profile picture selection

Added

>   - Card containing the class name and its associate lecturer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Card containing the class name and its associated lecturer on the class info page
```

>   - Ability to click on a lecturer from an event and display more details about him

Reviewer: Don't gender words unnecessarily:
```suggestion
  - Ability to click on a lecturer from an event and display more details about them
```
